I absolutely hate when people use this
one build trick. When you place a coral
block outside of water in Minecraft, it
eventually dries out, giving you this
super unique grayscale texture. For
years now, builders have used this as a
substitute for stone in order to add
some texture and variety to old stone
walls and paths. But I don't hate it
because I think it looks bad. I hate it
because I'm jealous. It's easy spamming
these all over your builds when you have
unlimited coral reefs to destroy. But if
you play in super flat survival like I
do, it creates quite the conundrum. You
see, since my world is in a plains biome
and coral blocks can't be farmed or
duplicated in any way, the only way I
can get coral is by buying it from the
watering trader whenever he decides to
sell it. I don't even want to know where
he gets it from. Anyways, this means my
coral supply is extremely limited. So,
every time I want to use it, I have a
tough decision to make. I can use the
coral's bright and uniquely colorful
textures to make coral reefs in my
harbor, old trims for my fancy
buildings, and even beautiful flowers
for my gardens. Or I can let the coral
dry out just so that I can get a little
bit of variation and detail into my
stone walls and paths. What would you
use it for?